All right, you're the one.
Thank you, boss.
Use your mouth.
Don't you have hands?
I hired a popular streamer for you.
But you just scared her off.
Doing this...
...is breaking the rules.
Who's responsible if something goes wrong?
That's way too harsh.
I'm still your customer, after all.
I paid good money.
I haven't even held you accountable yet.
How are you handling security?
Some delivery guy from out of nowhere...
...was able to barge in.
Boss Lady.
We checked.
There was no delivery guy.
Unbelievable.
Nonsense.
I clearly saw him.
Fine.
Just you wait.
I'm going to tell President Jiang.
Everyone, get up.
If you kneel for too long...
...you might not be able to stand up again.
That earring...
...was carefully modified by me.
It has a hidden camera inside.
It recorded everything that happened on the boat.
So it was with you.
The guests' information...
...is likely in this folder too.
President Sun.
The Eastern Five Little Dragons Challenge hasn't started...
...but it's already caused a huge sensation.
Big shots from all sectors...
...are placing their bets.
This time...
...we're sure to win.
Good.
What are you doing here?
I was worried about you acting alone.
It's not safe.
Didn't you also act rashly?
I'll be careful next time.
Yeah.
Cunning as expected.
However...
How is your hearing so sensitive?
It's due to psychological trauma.
Let's go.
I cracked it.
Apart from the system files...
...it's almost all related to Kaye Mountain.
It details Nine Heavens Media's...
...transactions over the years.
But all the files point to Lang Jiu.
Nothing directly links to Jiang Nanshuo's Liheng Group.
That old fox.
He really kept his hands clean.
It's okay.
I'm here with you.
It's going to be okay.
Cheng Ye.
I'm sorry.
It's all my fault.
You're awake.
Yeah.
You drank too much last night.
So I brought you back here.
Nothing happened last night.
I know.
Hangover tea.
It's good for your stomach.
Sit.
This morning, I took the video Lin Lu recorded...
...and the ledgers to the police.
At least Lang Jiu and Kaye Mountain are dealt with.
Leave the rest to me.
Don't put yourself in danger anymore.
No.
Jiang Nanshuo hasn't been brought to justice yet.
I have to stay by his side...
...to find evidence to convict him.
With Kaye Mountain taken down...
...we must make Jiang Nanshuo think...
...that this was all Lang Jiu's doing.
Don't worry.
I will make Jiang Nanshuo pay.
I'll settle all scores, old and new.
The most important thing right now is
to disrupt his Five Little Dragons plan.
I'll get you a Five Little Dragons invitation ASAP.
Remember,
you must win.
Yeah.
Kaye Mountain has been shut down,
and Lang Jiu is wanted.
And I had to find out from the news!
What am I paying you for?
B-Boss...
Tell Lang Jiu,
if he wants to live,
he'd better keep his mouth shut.
Do you understand?
Understood.
Get out!
Yes, sir.
What's going on?
Kaye Mountain has been shut down.
Lang Jiu is wanted.
You didn't know?
Kaye Mountain has operated for years
without a single slip-up.
How could it suddenly be investigated?